Feat: minor docs improvements for RLHF and faq on embeddings (#2401)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: docs/rlhf.qmd

### IPO

> As IPO is just DPO with a different loss function, all supported dataset formats for [DPO](#dpo) works.

Reviewer: optional nit
```suggestion
As IPO is just DPO with a different loss function, all supported dataset formats for [DPO](#dpo) are also supported for IPO.
```
